Fix #20496: Relax requirements for compact inverted coasters (#20505)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#20429] Error window tooltip not closing after 8 seconds.
- Fix: [#20456] Downward large half loops on flying coasters (fly-to-lie) are now correctly named.
- Fix: [#20484] Console caret not properly updated when using command history.

> - Fix: [#20496] Relax ride rating requirements for compact inverted coasters.

Reviewer: This should say what was broken, not what has changed.

```suggestion
- Fix: [#20496] Ride rating requirements for compact inverted coasters is no longer relaxed.
```
